{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red108\green108\blue108;\red109\green109\blue109;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c49804\c49804\c49804;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15200\viewh19280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Project description\
\
Using the 2019 Global Attitudes & Trends data set from the Pew Internet & American Life website, I will answer the research question, Do perceptions about various U.S. policies under President Trump vary by country?\
\
The data and code book are available on the Pew website (need free account): https://www.pewresearch.org/global/dataset/spring-2019-survey-data/\
\
Measurement\
\
To answer my research question, I used a subset of the data that included survey participants responses to the following questions: \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
As I read some policies of U.S. President Donald Trump, please tell me if you approve or disapprove of each one. How about [INSERT ITEM]? Items: U.S. withdrawal from international climate change agreements\cf3 , \cf2 Building a wall on the border between the U.S. and Mexico\cf4 , \cf2 U.S. withdrawal from the Iran nuclear weapons agreement\cf4 , \cf2 Allowing fewer immigrants into the U.S., U.S. increasing tariffs or fees on imported goods from other countries, and U.S. negotiations with North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un about the country\'92s nuclear weapons program. Response options were 1 = Approve, 2 = Disapprove, 8 = Don\'92t know, 9 = Refused.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
[Add a table of the questions and response options here]\
\
This paragraph might talk about about the process and statistical methods used. What happened during data management (recoding, missing value handling), which descriptive statistics and statistical tests were used, what assumptions were checked.\
\
Results\
\
Here is a table showing the basic descriptive statistics.\
\
Table. Policy support for Trump policies among 10,000 survey participants in Brazil, Canada, Japan, Mexico, Nigeria, Philippines, South Korea, United States. (Data source: Pew Research Center Global Attitudes Survey (2019)).\
\
Maybe add some text here pointing out anything interesting or unexpected in the table that the readers might want to view more closely. Also explain anything in the table that suggests how the research question might eventually be answered.\
\
Visualizing the relationships between country and policies\
\
Figure. Percent approving or disapproving of the policy of U.S. withdrawal from international climate change agreements by country.\
\
Figure. Percent approving or disapproving of the policy of building a wall on the border between the U.S. and Mexico by country.\
\
Figure. Percent approving or disapproving of the policy of U.S. withdrawal from the Iran nuclear weapons agreement by country.\
\
Figure. Percent approving or disapproving of the policy of allowing fewer immigrants into the U.S. by country.\
\
Figure. Percent approving or disapproving of the policy of U.S. increasing tariffs or fees on imported goods from other countries by country.\
\
Figure. Percent approving or disapproving of the policy of U.S. negotiations with North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un about the country\'92s nuclear weapons program.\
\
Add some text about each of the figures, pointing out interesting patterns or information that is relevant to the project research question.\
\
Discussion\
\
After all the methods and results, you would usually summarize the key points from your analyses and add some context by connecting your results to published evidence relevant to your work. Here is where you might add citations. More discussion of the findings that cite some of the literature in this area [add a citation]. Another statement about the literature and citing it goes here [add a citation].\
\
References}